# PosPayment


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**source_id** | **str** | The ID for the source of funds for this payment. Square-only: This can be a payment token (card nonce) generated by the payment form or a card on file made linked to the customer. if recording a payment that the seller received outside of Square, specify either &#x60;CASH&#x60; or &#x60;EXTERNAL&#x60;. | 
**order_id** | **str** |  | 
**customer_id** | **str** |  | 
**tender_id** | **str** |  | 
**amount** | **float** |  | 
**currency** | [**Currency**](Currency.md) |  | 
**id** | **str** | A unique identifier for an object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**merchant_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**employee_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**location_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**device_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**external_payment_id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**idempotency_key** | [**IdempotencyKey**](IdempotencyKey.md) |  | [optional] 
**tip** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**tax** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**total** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**app_fee** | **float** | The amount the developer is taking as a fee for facilitating the payment on behalf of the seller. | [optional] 
**change_back_cash_amount** | **float** |  | [optional] 
**approved** | **float** | The initial amount of money approved for this payment. | [optional] 
**refunded** | **float** | The initial amount of money approved for this payment. | [optional] 
**processing_fees** | **[bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type]** |  | [optional] 
**source** | **str** | Source of this payment. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of this payment. | [optional] 
**cash** | [**CashDetails**](CashDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**card_details** | [**PosPaymentCardDetails**](PosPaymentCardDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**bank_account** | [**PosBankAccount**](PosBankAccount.md) |  | [optional] 
**wallet** | [**WalletDetails**](WalletDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**external_details** | [**PosPaymentExternalDetails**](PosPaymentExternalDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_charges** | [**ServiceCharges**](ServiceCharges.md) |  | [optional] 
**custom_mappings** | **{str: (bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type)}, none_type** | When custom mappings are configured on the resource, the result is included here. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updated_by** | **str, none_type** | The user who last updated the object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**created_by** | **str, none_type** | The user who created the object. | [optional] [readonly] 
**updated_at** | **datetime, none_type** | The date and time when the object was last updated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**created_at** | **datetime, none_type** | The date and time when the object was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**pass_through** | [**PassThroughBody**](PassThroughBody.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)


